Update creating bot steps (#263)
discordjs/guide: guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.md

It's incredibly easy to create one. The steps you need to take are as follows:

1. Open up [the Discord website](https://discordapp.com/) and [login](https://discordapp.com/login).
2. Hover over the "Developers" drop-down menu and click on the [Developer Portal](https://discordapp.com/developers/applications/) link.
3. Click on the "New Application" button.

> 4. Enter a name and confirm the pop-up window by clicking "Create" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter a name and confirm the pop-up window by clicking the "Create" button.
```

Reviewer: This should also mention the team selection

> 4. Enter a name and select team to create a bot in if you joined any team. Then confirm the pop-up window by clicking the "Create" button.

Reviewer: I think the wording is a bit off and rather hard to comprehend for step 4, I'd suggest something like the following:

```suggestion
4. Enter a name and optionally select a team (if you want the bot to belong to one). Then confirm the pop-up window by clicking the "Create" button.
```
